README.md, before:

# [zSimplex][project]

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex.svg)][project] [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex.svg)][issues] [![Dual license](https://img.shields.io/badge/dual%20license-MIT%2FGPL-blue.svg)](LICENSE "License") <span style="float:right;">[![Flattr](https://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)][flattr] [![PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif)][paypal]</span>

![Screenshot](README.jpg)

This theme is a [Grav](http://getgrav.org) port of the [zSimplex HTML Template](http://www.zerotheme.com/987/zsimplex-free-responsive-html5-theme.html) developed by [ZeroTheme](http://www.zerotheme.com).

# Installation

Installing this theme can be done in one of two ways. Our GPM (_Grav Package Manager_) installation method enables you to quickly and easily install the theme with a simple terminal command, while the manual method enables you to do so via a zip file.

## GPM Installation (_Preferred_)

The simplest way to install this theme is via the [Grav Package Manager (GPM)](http://learn.getgrav.org/advanced/grav-gpm) through your system's Terminal (_also called the command line_).  From the root of your Grav install type:

    bin/gpm install zsimplex

This will install this theme into your `/user/themes` directory within Grav. Its files can be found under `/your/site/grav/user/themes/zsimplex`.

## Manual Installation

To install this theme, just download the zip version of this repository and unzip it under `/your/site/grav/user/themes`. Then, rename the folder to `zsimplex`. You can find these files either via [GetGrav.org](http://getgrav.org/downloads/themes).

You should now have all the theme files under

    /your/site/grav/user/themes/zsimplex

> NOTE: This theme is a modular component for Grav which requires the [Grav](http://github.com/getgrav/grav), [Error](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-theme-error) and [Problems](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-plugin-problems) plugins.

# Updating

As development for this theme continues, new versions may become available that add additional features and functionality, improve compatibility with newer Grav releases, and generally provide a better user experience. Updating this theme is easy, and can be done through Grav's GPM system, as well as manually.

## GPM Update (_Preferred_)

The simplest way to update this theme is via the [Grav Package Manager (GPM)](http://learn.getgrav.org/advanced/grav-gpm). You can do this with this by navigating to the root directory of your Grav install using your system's Terminal (_also called command line_) and typing the following:

    bin/gpm update zsimplex

This command will check your Grav install to see if this theme is due for an update. If a newer release is found, you will be asked whether or not you wish to update. To continue, type `y` and hit `enter`. The theme will automatically update and clear Grav's cache.

## Manual Update

Manually updating this theme is pretty simple. Here is what you will need to do to get this done:

* Delete the `your/site/user/themes/zsimplex` directory.
* Download the new version of the this theme from either via [GetGrav.org](http://getgrav.org/downloads/themes).
* Unzip the zip file in `your/site/user/themes` and rename the resulting folder to `zsimplex`.
* Clear the Grav cache. The simplest way to do this is by going to the root Grav directory in terminal and typing `bin/grav clear-cache`.

> Note: Any changes you have made to any of the files listed under this directory will also be removed and replaced by the new set. Any files located elsewhere (_for example a YAML settings file placed in_ `user/config/themes`) will remain intact.

# Setup

If you want to set this theme as the default theme, you can do so by following these steps:

* Navigate to `/your/site/grav/user/config`.
* Open the **system.yaml** file.
* Change the `theme:` setting to `theme: zsimplex`.
* Save your changes.
* Clear the Grav cache. The simplest way to do this is by going to the root Grav directory in Terminal and typing `bin/grav clear-cache`.

Once this is done, you should be able to see the new theme on the frontend. Keep in mind any customizations made to the previous theme will not be reflected as all of the theme and templating information is now being pulled from the **zsimplex** folder.

## Demo Contents

You can find inside theme directory the folder `_demo` where you can find the example contents for your site. If the theme is one-page layout copy all files inside `_demo/pages` into your home page folder. For the other folders follow the same name.

## Contributing

You can contribute at any time! Before opening any issue, please search for existing issues and review the [guidelines for contributing](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

After that please note:

* If you find a bug, would like to make a feature request or suggest an improvement, [please open a new issue][issues]. If you have any interesting ideas for additions to the syntax please do suggest them as well!
* Feature requests are more likely to get attention if you include a clearly described use case.
* If you wish to submit a pull request, please make again sure that your request match the [guidelines for contributing](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) and that you keep track of adding unit tests for any new or changed functionality.

### Support and donations

If you like my project, feel free to support me via [![Flattr](https://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)][flattr] or by sending me some bitcoins to [**1HQdy5aBzNKNvqspiLvcmzigCq7doGfLM4**][bitcoin].

Thanks!

## License

Copyright (c) 2016+ [Benjamin Regler][github]. See also the list of [contributors] who participated in this project.

[Dual-licensed](LICENSE) for use under the terms of the [MIT][mit-license] or [GPLv3][gpl-license] licenses.

![GNU license - Some rights reserved][gnu]

[github]: https://github.com/sommerregen/ "GitHub account from Benjamin Regler"
[gpl-license]: http://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0 "GPLv3 license"
[mit-license]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php "MIT license"

[flattr]: https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=Sommerregen&url=https://github.com/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex "Flatter my GitHub project"
[paypal]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=SYFNP82USG3RN "Donate for my GitHub project using PayPal"
[bitcoin]: bitcoin:1HQdy5aBzNKNvqspiLvcmzigCq7doGfLM4?label=GitHub%20project "Donate for my GitHub project using BitCoin"
[gnu]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/33/License_icon-gpl-88x31.svg/88px-License_icon-gpl-88x31.svg.png "GNU license - Some rights reserved"

[project]: https://github.com/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex
[issues]: https://github.com/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex/issues "GitHub Issues for Grav zSimplex Theme"
[contributors]: https://github.com/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex/graphs/contributors "List of contributors of the project"

Commit message:

Added prerequisites to the readme.

README.md, after:

# [zSimplex][project]

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex.svg)][project] [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex.svg)][issues] [![Dual license](https://img.shields.io/badge/dual%20license-MIT%2FGPL-blue.svg)](LICENSE "License") <span style="float:right;">[![Flattr](https://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)][flattr] [![PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif)][paypal]</span>

![Screenshot](README.jpg)

This theme is a [Grav](http://getgrav.org) port of the [zSimplex HTML Template](http://www.zerotheme.com/987/zsimplex-free-responsive-html5-theme.html) developed by [ZeroTheme](http://www.zerotheme.com).

# Installation

Installing this theme can be done in one of two ways. Our GPM (_Grav Package Manager_) installation method enables you to quickly and easily install the theme with a simple terminal command, while the manual method enables you to do so via a zip file.

## Prerequisites

- The Form in _contacts depends on the [Grav Plugin Form](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-plugin-form)
- The Google-Map in _contacts depends on the [Grav Plugin Google Maps](https://github.com/deved-it/grav-plugin-google-maps)
- The language-switcher in the footer relies on the [Grav Plugin Langswitcher](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-plugin-langswitcher)

## GPM Installation (_Preferred_)

The simplest way to install this theme is via the [Grav Package Manager (GPM)](http://learn.getgrav.org/advanced/grav-gpm) through your system's Terminal (_also called the command line_).  From the root of your Grav install type:

    bin/gpm install zsimplex

This will install this theme into your `/user/themes` directory within Grav. Its files can be found under `/your/site/grav/user/themes/zsimplex`.

## Manual Installation

To install this theme, just download the zip version of this repository and unzip it under `/your/site/grav/user/themes`. Then, rename the folder to `zsimplex`. You can find these files either via [GetGrav.org](http://getgrav.org/downloads/themes).

You should now have all the theme files under

    /your/site/grav/user/themes/zsimplex

> NOTE: This theme is a modular component for Grav which requires the [Grav](http://github.com/getgrav/grav), [Error](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-theme-error) and [Problems](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-plugin-problems) plugins.

# Updating

As development for this theme continues, new versions may become available that add additional features and functionality, improve compatibility with newer Grav releases, and generally provide a better user experience. Updating this theme is easy, and can be done through Grav's GPM system, as well as manually.

## GPM Update (_Preferred_)

The simplest way to update this theme is via the [Grav Package Manager (GPM)](http://learn.getgrav.org/advanced/grav-gpm). You can do this with this by navigating to the root directory of your Grav install using your system's Terminal (_also called command line_) and typing the following:

    bin/gpm update zsimplex

This command will check your Grav install to see if this theme is due for an update. If a newer release is found, you will be asked whether or not you wish to update. To continue, type `y` and hit `enter`. The theme will automatically update and clear Grav's cache.

## Manual Update

Manually updating this theme is pretty simple. Here is what you will need to do to get this done:

* Delete the `your/site/user/themes/zsimplex` directory.
* Download the new version of the this theme from either via [GetGrav.org](http://getgrav.org/downloads/themes).
* Unzip the zip file in `your/site/user/themes` and rename the resulting folder to `zsimplex`.
* Clear the Grav cache. The simplest way to do this is by going to the root Grav directory in terminal and typing `bin/grav clear-cache`.

> Note: Any changes you have made to any of the files listed under this directory will also be removed and replaced by the new set. Any files located elsewhere (_for example a YAML settings file placed in_ `user/config/themes`) will remain intact.

# Setup

If you want to set this theme as the default theme, you can do so by following these steps:

* Navigate to `/your/site/grav/user/config`.
* Open the **system.yaml** file.
* Change the `theme:` setting to `theme: zsimplex`.
* Save your changes.
* Clear the Grav cache. The simplest way to do this is by going to the root Grav directory in Terminal and typing `bin/grav clear-cache`.

Once this is done, you should be able to see the new theme on the frontend. Keep in mind any customizations made to the previous theme will not be reflected as all of the theme and templating information is now being pulled from the **zsimplex** folder.

## Demo Contents

You can find inside theme directory the folder `_demo` where you can find the example contents for your site. If the theme is one-page layout copy all files inside `_demo/pages` into your home page folder. For the other folders follow the same name.

## Contributing

You can contribute at any time! Before opening any issue, please search for existing issues and review the [guidelines for contributing](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

After that please note:

* If you find a bug, would like to make a feature request or suggest an improvement, [please open a new issue][issues]. If you have any interesting ideas for additions to the syntax please do suggest them as well!
* Feature requests are more likely to get attention if you include a clearly described use case.
* If you wish to submit a pull request, please make again sure that your request match the [guidelines for contributing](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) and that you keep track of adding unit tests for any new or changed functionality.

### Support and donations

If you like my project, feel free to support me via [![Flattr](https://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)][flattr] or by sending me some bitcoins to [**1HQdy5aBzNKNvqspiLvcmzigCq7doGfLM4**][bitcoin].

Thanks!

## License

Copyright (c) 2016+ [Benjamin Regler][github]. See also the list of [contributors] who participated in this project.

[Dual-licensed](LICENSE) for use under the terms of the [MIT][mit-license] or [GPLv3][gpl-license] licenses.

![GNU license - Some rights reserved][gnu]

[github]: https://github.com/sommerregen/ "GitHub account from Benjamin Regler"
[gpl-license]: http://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0 "GPLv3 license"
[mit-license]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php "MIT license"

[flattr]: https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=Sommerregen&url=https://github.com/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex "Flatter my GitHub project"
[paypal]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=SYFNP82USG3RN "Donate for my GitHub project using PayPal"
[bitcoin]: bitcoin:1HQdy5aBzNKNvqspiLvcmzigCq7doGfLM4?label=GitHub%20project "Donate for my GitHub project using BitCoin"
[gnu]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/33/License_icon-gpl-88x31.svg/88px-License_icon-gpl-88x31.svg.png "GNU license - Some rights reserved"

[project]: https://github.com/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex
[issues]: https://github.com/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex/issues "GitHub Issues for Grav zSimplex Theme"
[contributors]: https://github.com/sommerregen/grav-theme-zsimplex/graphs/contributors "List of contributors of the project"
